---
layout: post
title: "A Good Day"
categories: life
---

# Abstract

A good day (crazy). A totally normal day with some really good learning. I want
to quit another habit of mine that would make me more productive. Wrist still hurts
a little bit. Still need to get new tires.

# Day

Woke up at ~7:30 and moved my alarm from 7:45 to 8:15. I got out of bed at 8:20
and took my usual slightly longer than 10 minute shower and exited it. After a nice
8 hours of sleep, I felt a little bit tired but not bad at all. I looked in mirror
and noted that shaving is on the chopping block for this weekend :).

A little pimple that appeared on the top of my head is starting to fade which is nice.
I'm surprised that it's even there. I thought not eating sugar meant now more acne but
I was wrong lol.

After this little thought chain in the bathroom, I went upstairs and cooked my usual
4 eggs and cream cheesed sourdough bread :). I ate a little in a rush, but I wanted to get
to campus so I could focus on these topology questions. I'm talking 4 questions, all
with no parts, taking more than a few hours to complete. Crazy difficult yet fun :shrug:

I started my 2004 Toyota Matrix XRS (I love my car) and it made its usual clicking noise
while cold. I always wait for my car to heat up before driving (I have this feeling that
it's better for it than just going). The car accomplished its goal of getting me from
point A to point B (Could this be a function? A car's function is getting the user
from point A to point B).

