---
layout: post
title: "A Good Day"
categories: life
math: true
---

# Abstract

A good day (crazy). A totally normal day with some really good learning. I want
to quit another habit of mine that would make me more productive. Wrist still hurts
a little bit. Still need to get new tires.

# Day

Woke up at ~7:30 and moved my alarm from 7:45 to 8:15. I got out of bed at 8:20
and took my usual slightly longer than 10 minute shower and exited it. After a nice
8 hours of sleep, I felt a little bit tired but not bad at all. I looked in mirror
and noted that shaving is on the chopping block for this weekend :).

A little pimple that appeared on the top of my head is starting to fade which is nice.
I'm surprised that it's even there. I thought not eating sugar meant now more acne but
I was wrong lol.

After this little thought chain in the bathroom, I went upstairs and cooked my usual
4 eggs and cream cheesed sourdough bread :). I ate a little in a rush, but I wanted to get
to campus so I could focus on these topology questions. I'm talking 4 questions, all
with no parts, taking more than a few hours to complete. Crazy difficult yet fun :shrug:

I started my 2004 Toyota Matrix XRS (I love my car) and it made its usual clicking noise
while cold. I always wait for my car to heat up before driving (I have this feeling that
it's better for it than just going). The car accomplished its goal of getting me from
point A to point B (Could this be a function? A car's function is getting the user
from point A to point B).

Can go to this website and for mathjax documentation:
[https://treeofmath.github.io/tex-commands-in-mathjax/TeXSyntax.htm](https://treeofmath.github.io/tex-commands-in-mathjax/TeXSyntax.htm)

Something like:
$C: A \rightarrow B$

Where $A$ and $B$ are some arbitrary drivable locations on this planet traversable via road.

This has now transpired into making the `proofs` tab in my website.

Back to today's story.

I sat in the library for a little bit and then the seemingly MWF scheduled time to chat with
Rachel happened. I'm get the feeling she's a little interested in me. I'm interested a little back
but am not sure I'm ready or want it.

I don't eat sugar, but she got me to take a sip of her too sweet and then bitter aftertaste
starbucks drink. Didn't enjoy it per say but it is what it is. The chat went as normal though.
We did work, chatted a bit about random stuff in our lives. I vented a bit about how underprepared
I am for topology. She left for class.

Got a text not too much later from Tyler saying he was ready. I've slept through my fair share
of alarms and he seems like a cool person so I wasn't bothered by it.

I sat there and eventually decided to simply do work for other classes. As I'm writing this,
I'm currently avoiding completing Composition II work :).

Eventually, I walked over to the Young Hall and met up with Tyler. We talked a little bit
about basic topology stuff. Some of it went over my head (most of it). Class came and went.

I'm really hoping to work on a problem with someone else in class. The flipped classroom seems
cool.

We had a guest lecturer in for stats. Mr. Wood was crazy good. I like him. Tyler also came in clutch
showing me the very basics of how he interpreted problem 1.14. I got some re-working to do :).

Then came the topology meeting :). This is where my (lack of) knowledge shined. We spent the entire
time proving HALF of De Morgan's Law. It would be a good exercise to complete the other half. In which
I procrastinated writing this post and setup a `proofs` tab so I could eventually write it.

The topology meeting was very productive (for me). I learned a lot about what to look for in a proof
after an hour and a half of rigorous talk about what the hell each individual part of the proof meant.
What to look for. What follows logically. A certain word that starts with B from idaho (if you know you know)
defined on a set of people. Math is funny.

Tyler didn't say I was smart which does hurt my ego a little bit. He said he didn't know
me well enough. I think he's smart, and I hope he thinks I am. He would disagree with the first part of
that last sentence for sure.

I went home and started working on the English assignment. Here I am now.

I noticed tonight that watching youtube while working really does impede my productivity. I want to stop
watching youtube, and I bet my life will get better. I can't give my phone up tho (yet).

Signing off,
Rowan
